hey everybody John here with Wicky game
guides and I wanted to make a quick
video showing off all the cars that are
available for purchase in the crew other
46 cars total at launch 37 of them you
can buy which almost all of them are
shown in this video except I think that
the Los Angeles auto dealer is glitched
when I was streaming earlier doing my
first trip to the LA car dealer
the kkona Zig Agera was listed for
purchase and I took it for a test drive
and want on a subsequent trip back there
to report this video it was replaced
with the Lamborghini Aventador
so I don't know what the deal is um so
if you purchase the crew check out the
LA car dealer and let me know what cars
I have in this video that you do not or
if you have a vehicle that is not in
this video please let me know there are
three extra cars that I also unlocked
through purchasing the day one edition
of the game the 2010 Mini Cooper S the
2011 BMW z4 and the 2004 Dodge Ram srt10
there's also five cars you can unlock by
finding 20 hidden car parts in each
region so yeah check out that la car
dealer and let me know if there's
something there that I'm not seeing here
anyway um if you're new to the channel
be sure to subscribe for more updates
for the coupe and for me and game on